[default]
save_search_field= CNS
tab_new= ga
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_cookie= CC
allow_session_cookie= CS
bookmark= 
buffers= 
cancel_download= 
sanitize= 
clear_tab= gE
only= co
close_tab= e
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download=Control s
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
tabdo= 
execute_javascript= 
eval= 
execute_userscript= 
find_backward_ic= c?
find_backward= ?
find_forward_ic= c/
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= w
focus_tab= ge
focus_prev= v
win_hist_back= 
tab_hist_back= 
history_back= H
win_hist_forward= 
tab_hist_forward= 
history_forward= L
insert_mode= i
show_keys= 
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= 
lock_uri= 
tab_move_left= V
tab_move_right= W
tab_move= 
normal_mode=Control n
open_editor=Control e
quickmark= go
tab_quickmark= gn
win_quickmark= 
start_page= gh
web_inspector= gwi
paste= Pp
tab_paste= PP
win_paste= 
paste_primary= pP
win_paste_primary= 
tab_paste_primary= pp
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
reload_bookmarks= 
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_quickmarks= 
reload_userscripts= 
save= 
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= gQ
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down= J
scroll_page_up= K
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
local_set= 
set= 
set_key= 
set_local_setting= gc
set_setting= 
show_settings= 
print_preview= 
show_bookmarks= gB
show_downloads= gD
show_history= gH
show_quickmarks= 
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_tab= 
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_host= 
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri= 
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= 
fullscreen= @F11@
toggle_hidden_files= g.
toggle_plugins_host= 
toggle_plugins_uri= 
presentation_mode= @F12@
proxy=Control p
visible= xv
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
undo= u
view_source= gf
dump= 
yank_title= yT
yank_title_primary= yt
yank= yY
yank_primary= yy
zoom= =
zoom_in= +
zoom_out= -
hints_background= gs
hints_images_background= 
hints_url_background= 
backopen_url= gT
backopen= gt
bookmarks= 
hints= s
hints_clipboard= 
hints_download= 
hints_editable= 
hints_images= 
hints_links= 
hints_primary= ;t
hints_rapid= ;s
hints_url= 
new_tab= 
new_win= 
open_url= O
open= o
hints_tab= S
hints_images_tab= 
hints_url_tab= 
tab_bookmarks= 
tabopen_url= T
tabopen= t
hints_win= ;w
hints_rapid_win= 
win_bookmarks= 
winopen_url= gW
winopen= gw
